add recipe for handling flaky tests [LANGPLAT-352] (#3682)
DataDog/dd-trace-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

All new code is expected to be covered by tests.

#### Continuous Integration on Pull Requests

We expect all PR checks to pass before we merge a PR.

The code coverage report has a target of 90%. This is the goal, but is not a hard requirement. Reviewers ultimately make the decision about code coverage and quality and will merge PRs at their discretion. Any divergence from the expected 90% should be communicated by the reviewers to the PR author.

Please feel free to comment on a PR if there is any difficulty or confusion about any of the checks.

Sometimes a pull request's checks will show failures that aren't related to its changes. When this happens, you can try the following steps:

1. look through the gitlab job logs for an obvious cause
2. retry the test a few times to see if it flakes

> 3. ask the ddtrace-go chat channel for help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. for internal contributors, ask the #dd-trace-go channel for help
4. if you are not an internal contributor, [open an issue](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-go/issues/new/choose) or ping @Datadog/apm-go
```

dd-trace-go gets quite a few of external contributors, so let's leave an option for them to reach the team as well!
